Hi, I'm Tim. Nice to meet you all.
I'm your new instructor for the deep reinforcement learning course.
Before joining to Udacity team,
I was a post-doctoral researcher in particle physics at UC Berkeley.
In fundamental physics, if we borrow many tools for
machine learning and AI to help us model
complex interactions and derive insights from
the massive data generated by some of the biggest experiments on Earth.
From the smallest to the biggest,
machine learning has helped us understand the properties of
fundamental particles and the structure of the universe.
Looking forward to our lessons.
I'm very excited to share with you some of
the cutting edge developments in reinforcement learning.
I hope you have as much fun as I had creating these lesson materials.
So, let's get started.